Great hotel. Strategic. Awesome.
We planned to spend the New Year's Eve overlooking Marina Bay Sands to watch the spectacular fireworks from our room. We had a splendid time at Fairmont. The room and amenities are superb. The downside is that we didn't get the complimentary honey as stated in the card. We tried to talk to the reception officer but the reply is unsatisfying. If they ran out of honey, it wou ld be fine with us.
Perfect for both business and pleisure. Stayed here for business for 3 nights and for pleasure with family during Standard Chartered Singapore Marathon 2018, both gave me awesome experience. Will definitely come back.
Always happy to stayed in this hotel, clean, convenient and the foods delicious.
The hotel is very convenient for food at the Market Place and shopping mall, easy for different kind of transportation that link to the other part of Singapore. I always come back either for business or personal vacation. The view is nice at night
Excellent view from the room, excellent service from the staff
Great room with great facilities. Located exactly beside the mall. Such a great stay!
Fairmont Singapore gave us very excellent & friendly service. Mr James Li, who helped us check in, proactively offered free late check when he knew our return flight was in the late afternoon. The room is very clean, provides a comfy bed, and has an awesome view. The location is excellent as it is connected to the Raffles City mall.
What a surprise! Such an excellent spacious hotel room, located near Orchard, but I love the fact that it is connected to Raffles Mall - very convenient! They have an awesome view, great bathroom with a complete set of quality amenities. Perfect spa experience as well.
There was a very good choice to stay ata fairmont hotel singapore. Hotel staffs are very helpful and pleasant. The location is superbly. Beside raffles city mall, all superb and should be back to fairmont again when i'm back to SG
It is recommended for a 5star hotel with a nice and humble staff. Everthing went smoothly and easy... however the toilet neccesities is missing such as comb and shaver. Maybe in the future you could add on a mobile phone available for free like the one in meritius mandarin orchard
Nice, strategic, clean, spacious room, good food.
Love with the room, spacious and clean with comfortable bed
This is our second time to stay at Fairmont and it is still as fantastique as the first one, the location, the view from our room, comfortable bed, clean and nice room. There is no free wifi but it is ok. I guess. It looks like we can not turn to other hotel for our next family vacation.","Soraya"," 103.85381","Hotel Fairmont","Fairmont Gold harbour room 
1. Check in although crowded but still orderly. 2. Room was clean and tidy. 3. Furniture a bit dated but room space was good for King bed, not quite so with single beds. 4. Request for ice cubes and amenities was fast despite full capacity.
Great place great location, I will stay here again
The bed was too soft and not comfortable. The room in North Tower feels dated
It was wonderful and strategic location and my son enjoyed the stay
my favorite hotel in Singapore, perfect location, for mrt, Citylink mall, to esplanade etc... great room, great service, always get upgrade, love the food.
We are very happy stayed at Fairmont Hotel Singapore on our last holiday, the hotel was very comfort and clean, the staff give the best service.
Excellent and good service, and very amazing hotel
