 it was great experience. value for money. great to use the vouchers to visit Show City . no need to wait in the queue anymore. I bought the voucher in no time. very efficient. 
I had great experience with the purchasing process. The deals were pretty good and it was very smooth. my family was really happy with the purchase of the deals . i like the chatbot Princy following every page, it kind of guide me through out the process. 
it was quite bad experience .i wanted to buy snow city voucher but the voucher expiry is just 6 months. and the chatbot didn't really give clear information about teams and conditions.
Chatbot and website is not detailing the menu and cuisine of S.Shack, K.Fisk & C.Jade.
chatbot is not so efficient in understanding my request. its frustrating. deals are not clear at all. 
I had great time using chatbot . it is efficient and understand what i want. good job guys. deals are good. looking forward to use your summit bank for future promos.
i couldn't find the deals that I'm looking for. very few options. other than that its seem ok to me. hope you guys include more options in the future.
Five star for chatbot Princy. i got the best deals from your summit bank. service was smooth. no error. looking forward to getting more deals from your bank.
hahaha....Princy does not know how to receive a compliment! Make it more responsive and interesting. 
Easy to use. great color contrast and good deals. Chatbot Princy was reliable. Best part is she help me to get the deals and payment very fast. looking forward for future deals. thank you.
Horrible experience. not user friendly. my mother wanted to buy voucher for Hotel Fairmont but they had no good deals. 
I cannot tell the bot what other promotions I would like. If I say None, it doesn't understand me
I forgot my ATM PIN number, and the chatbot didn't understand what an ATM or PIN is.
I lost my credit card, and the chatbot failed to understand my problem.
I wanted to know the expiry dates of my promotions. But chatbot failed.
I wanted to shake someone in my shack. but chatbot couldn't even direct me to a Shake Shack promotion.
It doesn't help me. I want credit card rewards.
Make Princy smarter. Read my short chat. If she can't even respond to a simple request, i won't bother to try further. 
please contact me when you have promotions for outdoor activities like fishing. thank you
Pretty good experience with the chatbot. Take me directly to the promotions and voucher purchase. it will be great if you can add more promotions.
chatbot is able respond to my promotion requests. deals are not so clear, website look great. 
The user interface is confusing. The chatbot doesn't know where I am and I have to start from scratch again.
great experience. great deals. website looks colorful. pls include more deals in the future.
just a suggestion... after niew a promotion and we have decided to purchase, can you allow us to purchase immediately instead of having to reselect the categories again. Thanks
chat bot is not able to provide me with future promotions. other than that seems pretty ok to me.
Don't give me a bot! Allow me to search directly!
Attractive vitamin deal. Please do more of such promos. Bot is ok. Can tidy the reply with check out link. The word vouchers appear too many times.s 
I am unable to buy vouchers from different  dining promos? You have lost sales. 
multiple purchase of items under one category is not possible. 
I want to search faster for promotions. This is not convenient.
Good deals and relatively effective bot. Keep improving
Good deals. Thanks
Pretty easy to use bot. Happy with purchase
Your bot can transfer me to human but don't understand when I thank her for the transfer ! You want to retrain her !
managed to buy 2 vouchers but the process can be made smoother ie less repetitive steps
Hope to see camping activities in future
i was unable to make more than one purchase for the same category. it was quite frustrating. i had to make the purchase twice to get the same category item. Chatbot was not of much help to me. 
please fix bot. it does not allow me to change my mind with orders! I gave up
Easy to use bot. Allowed me to change my mind from Shake Shack to Crystal Jade. Not bad. Keep training Princy!
Please inform me when you have promotions on cruises
The bot is too slow. 
Good ! 
Had a great experience staying at Fairmont. Voucher is worth it ! 
I recommend the dining vouchers for Shake Shack. I had a great experience in the US. The burgers are great. But the staff didn't want to give me extra ketchup.
very disappointing .i wanted to buy snow city voucher but the deals are not good. and the chatbot didn't really give clear information about future promotions. very slow response .
OK but I would prefer if bot can suggest based on my spending habits
Love it. Add more promotions ! 
It's so nice that banks give me easy promotions like this. I would like to receive vouchers by mail too to share with my aunt.
Thank you Ms Princy, you are great
You have attractive promo but lousy at closing sale. Does not allow me to pay when i decided I dont wish to buy another promo. I give up and exited
I like it but there is no customization. After I log in, I don't see my points.
Your bot NOT only does not understand 2 simple words..No thanks, it keep showing me the same promotions which i am not interested in! Please improve on your service. Otherwise, don't have a bot in your website. It serves more to irritate than to help members. 
Useful but the user interface is confusing - no difference between my colors and the chatbot's
Very ineffective bot. Kept giving me options to buy exploring promos when I simply want to buy a kidmoro voucher! Please fix your bot! 
How can I do bulk buy? I want to get that for all my friends.
My English not good. Have Chinese?
you just lost a deal. I wanted to buy vitadeals only after viewing other promos. Your bot insisted that I must select one of the other promos before i can pay for vitadeals only. Ridiculous. Fix your bot or you will soon have zero sales. 
Your bot are terrible, can't answer simple questions. Only know how to lead me to this page. Cant even connect me to a human agent. Wasted my time.
Good but Where is the home button?
Fantastic experience with vouchers and rewards thank you Summit Bank
I can't wait for the Summit Bank app! 