This city is a bit run down, bumper car has long queue cause of the limited capacity.\nIf you are looking for more speed on the slope, you can slide down together with your friends. Overall, a pretty nice place to hang out nowadays.\n*Remember to book a time slot on the website before making a trip down*
a week agoNEW\nReturn of Ice bergs in SG\n\nGood weekend playtime for kids\n\nIce skate is amazing\n\nPersonal camera not allowed inside\n\nUtilities are good
Enjoyed the close quarters paintball experience. Staff was friendly and was able to guide us on how to enjoy the paintball match safely.\n\nSnow city experience was the same since it opened, with tube slides and snow. Was crowded and had to queue in the afternoon, do remember to book in advance before coming due to SD measures.
Great place to have fun with kids. Under 3 year olds aren't allowed to be on the large slide. Good to go there on weekdays as it wont be crowded
I needed a room or 3 adults and when I selected this option in app it gave me the staycation package with $100 dining credit from Fairmont. After taking a look at the terms, I saw that this package caters for 2 Adults and 2 kids OR a max of 3 Adults. There is an option of a king bed or 2 double bed. Now the actual description of this package goes
Service staff nice and friendly but\nplace is quite run down. Only one slide to go down. Long wait. Could have opened more lanes. Should have snow foam falling down. After 20 min. Nothing interesting to do.\nSnow doesn't look clean. Quite a few pieces of litter on snow not removed. Booked for the bumper car but not functioning.  Was offered free coupo
Tourist trap, I have been there after the circuit breaker, the « snow » is technically on lane of ice (like you can find in your freezer). You will not be  allowed to take your phone in for two reasons, first to show or post the reality of what it is, secondly because their real business they do with the photo ( that of course I quite expensive),
I enjoyed my time at snow city, especially in these times of sweltering heat!!! Affordable prices for admission though the photos are a real pinch. Would appreciate if we could enjoy a cuppa in the snow chamber. Doesn't need to be fancy, a vending machine would do~ I think everyone would root for an updated snow city with more activities, let's hope
Children are very thrilled to play there
We are not allowed to bring camera in to take photographs. Was told this is their policy. So they can take photos for you and sell you at $25 for each photo. Daylight robbery. Is a very small exhibit. Very poorly organised. Not recommended. Snow is very fake, is actually ice in the size of sand.\nJust is very cold, thats all.
Went here today and my kid definitely had a lots of fun. there is slide, bumper cars to play. Inside was pretty cold (-5 degree) so it is better to had long sleeves and long pants before putting on their jacket. Their gloves are not in a good conditions because it tends to get wet after playing with the ice. Cameras are not allowed  hence there are
IN THIS COVID PANDEMIC JUST BRING MY KID ALONG NJOY THEIR DAY AT SNOWCITY LIFE S BEAUTIFUL
Not worth going there. Very small. It is just like visiting a large freezer that needs a defrost and good cleaning. The place in bad need of a renovation. It is not snow but ice shavings. Omg wait for the slide down on a tube. Super long wait for the bumper car, thanks to covid. $2 for a locker to keep your shoes. The place should be torn down.
Nice and fun place :)
Fun place to go for family, place is small. Bumber car ride can duration can be longer if there ain't much crowd
I booked 4 rooms with the hotel, for my family as well. we were told that we have $100 dining credit for each room but I was still charged for the in room dining services. it was very unpleasant for me. on top of that, we stayed at lvl 7, for convenience which was good but we all had very different views outside the windows and for 2 of the rooms, 
Not super impressed. Second time for me. Not much to do. Pushy sales ($25 for 1 photo!), lockers not working properly, very much run down. A lot of room for improvement and could be a lot more fun.
There's some rocky start to the room initially. But as usual,fairmont staffs save the day with their politeness.","Rachel","103.85381","Hotel Fairmont","Superior room
Small place to begin with. But worth to try environment under 0 degree Celsius.
Worn out and very poorly organized. Kids managed to do two things only within the hour we had. A lot of time is gone for their photographers to do their photos which you can purchase. Not allowed to do own photos. Yeah, forgot the long line outdoors do get in...
Social distancing was not very observed in this place of attraction.\nSome people are seen not wearing mask properly,  and there was no one enforcing it. The queue for the slide is long, no 1 meter distancing in between the group. 1 hour play turns to be 3 slide session for us only. Other than the slide, there is not much thing to do with the basic
Brought kids here but disappointed coz the bumper car ride was stopped , only left the slide. Basically you pay just to slide on a giant ice box
These are the times of the virus.\nEveryone would rather be elsewhere but going to a big freezer is the next best thing if you don't want your winter wear to grow mould.
A bit outdated but so much fun
Sometimes my aircon not cold enough, so I miss this place many nights when I cannot sleep and flip my pillow many times.
place was very small and could only keep the kids entertained for about an hour. think we won't be coming here anytime soon
Extrem unfriendly Ph’s ; acted with no formality and respect...the place is dramatically overrated and in very poor condition. Snow ? Well not even close...go there once to feel cold is ok, but don’t expect much warm hearted service. I had to go down w rating as this place needs a change for improvement soonest.
An amazing & super chilly place for families. Rather small, but enough to keep kids occupied with parents too. Highlight would definitely be the donut ride down a steep ice slope, as well as the bumper car ride on ice 😀👍\n\nA small caveat, suit up properly because the cold will definitely get you otherwise with temperatures downright freezing   ☃️
Wow It’s good under -5 degrees, slide car and bumper car is good, bumper they giving only 5 minutes , if your going with kids buy them glove
Not many entertainments but very fun snow city in Singapore. I think it will need more refinement in public service & equipment. I completely lost $2 on first attempt to use locker due to confusion
It's a very good for quick half day activities with young children. There is a McDonald's and also there is science centre next door which is awesome as well.  Overall a good weekend outing with kids.
I booked 4 rooms with the hotel, for my family as well. we were told that we have $100 dining credit for each room but I was still charged for the in room dining services. it was very unpleasant for me. on top of that, we stayed at lvl 7, for convenience which was good but we all had very different views outside the windows and for 2 of the rooms, 
Had a good laugh & time there, the only fun thing is the slide but it gets boring after awhile if you’re an adult. Paid for an hour ticket but left after 40mins. RMB to bring ur gloves, socks n wear Long pants! Can rent the winter jacket n boots there. Locker is $2.
I have a pleasant stay in fairmont singapore. My room is deluxe harbour view, and so we can see garden by the bay, city view, marina bay sands from our bed. Very beautiful and fantastic, and all the staffs are helpful too! Thank you fairmont\n
Snow City is a welcome relief from the constant heat of the Singapore weather. Most thrilling thing inside would be the snow tube ride down. Great for families or even if you are alone. IMHO, an hour's time is more than enough to enjoy the entire attraction. A good tip would be to bring extra set of clothes for your kiddos or yourself unless you don't
I wanted to see the science museum next door but turned out it was closed on the day we were there. Snow city was fun as a very alternative experience... Probably too expensive for what we got but we had fun.","Neil
Eventhough we live in a Asian country, we have an opportunity to feel the breeze of snow when it's Christmas 🎅 .. It's a scientific procedure to make snow by high pressurized Nitrogen releasing through a small tunnel. But, you don't feel the difference whether it's real or fake. Thanks
Excellent location, Services..room spacious & facilities as advertised, variety of foods suit your taste..will stay again.
Staying in fairmont singapore is very cozy place to stay and its connected to raffles city mall, and there is very nice restaurants in fairmont hotel ( Mikuni japaness restaurant ) I will give 4.5 stars out of 5stars. But a bit disappointed with the room, the room and the water machine smells wood, but when we check out we tell the receptionist reg
Great location, nice hotel, friendly staff. Perfect
5 star service from the Front desk and Housekeeping. Always come back to this hotel. Hotel currently undergo renovation for the North Tower - swimming pool is close during renovation but they give service to use sister hotels in Singapore.
The room are excellent. Your reception and concierge staff are very helpful. Overall good hotel\n
