The tickets are bit expensive as per INR, but its worth the value. You could get good deals frok Klook for a combined package. Kids or Adults both could enjoy equally. It has 7 sections with different rides. Mostly consists of roller coaster rides. Wear comfy and waterproof shoes coz its a lot of walking and some water rides too
Since can't have travel overseas, our family started to explore local attractions. quite fun day in USS with lesser crowd, the crew are nice and friendly. the queue time for each ride is okay
Our stay with Sahr in her charming one bedroom was just that--charming!  It was also comfortable, cool (in temperature), convenient and quiet.Sahr was a gracious, thoughtful and a very hospitable hostess that went the extra mile to ensure that our stay was pleasurable.  The location was very convenient and met our needs; there was an abundance of pa1
Back again after a few months because I bought the half season pass. Playing pretend to be tourist in own country on a weekday has its perks as crowd is much thinner, mostly due to COVID-19. Interestingly, where we didnt see a lot of people, the rides are chock full of them as the waiting time stretches up to 1.5 hrs to 2 hrs, notably due to social distan cing an d limit ed numb er of people can get on the rides due to enforcement of distancing. It is a good thing actually. Kudos to the staff for diligently wiping down every seat and cabin whenever each ride is completed. Timed tickets have to be issued for certain rides as they are overwhelmingly popular. Good idea though as it spaced out the crowd but at the same time created additional long queues to get the tickets.
Just one word, fantastical!!! Instantly bring me back to childhood. I was in a stimulation of experiencing all the movie characters of my childhood brought to life by the advancement in technology and use of 3d effect, awestruck and dumbstruck after every turn of corners ;and alighting the rides like omg 😲 am I in real life
So all in all Universal Studios is a really nice place to spend the day and when I say day o mean the entire day. Be prepared as there is a lot of walking involved and worst of all is that you WILL end up standing in the lines for a long long time. Depending on when you go, you may only have a chance to go on the rides only once. The worst part is wait381
This was the perfect apartment for a stay in the big city. It is super nice, conveniently located between several subway stops and the neighborhood is amazing. Paul was a very good host - although he wasn't there, he organized a friend to let us in and we could get into the apartment without any problems. He had prepared a little manual so we found oursel ves at home ri ght awa y. We would have loved to stay longer and definitely recommend him as a host. A big THANK YOU to Paul!
Think twice before coming - 2 hour queues to get on the rides. You basically have to buy an express pass and even then are turned away from rides. Universal Studios should not be allowed to get away with it. Of course Covid is hard on them but they shouldn’t open if they cannot cope.
Very disappointing visit during the recent Singapore school holiday in July.\n\nAfter arriving at 1200pm (to enjoy early entry) I was surprised to learn that rides did not start operating until 130pm. Which was not advised in advance.\n\nEntry to park was relatively easy, however, overall experience was very much reduced by the very RUDE, AGGRESSIVE,
Because some our friends went the very first day of the re-opening and they had a great experience, we thought that we could have the same, even by going on a weekend (the next Saturday after re-opening) . That was a very bad decision.\n\nSo yes of course, the park had to be very careful with safety and hygiene, but then don't open the park with so many p eopl e, and wit h u nlim it ed fast pass...\n\nWe paid 59 SGD, and got into 4 attractions in total in the 4 hours we spent there. And hold on, the attractions were:\n- 2 times Transformers,\n- 1 time one of the Galactica (for which we waited 1h30 in the queue)\n- 1 time a very lame attraction next to the Galactica, because there was no-one queuing.\n\nAt some point, we had some hope to go in the Mummy because we were given a pass for a later timing, but once there on the expected time, the announced queue was more than 1 hour. WTF!\n\nPlease review your number of admissions in the park, or try to be more efficient on the cleaning, and do not allow the unlimited fast pass. We saw so many guys doing 3 to 4 times the Galactica for instance while we were still in the queue.
If you have walked around you’ll know it isn’t too huge but queue is so longgggggg atleast 1 hr up, anyway it worth for waiting, trust me! and the revenge of the mummy is the best!
I have visited twice this place now. This is a beautiful place. The have taken almost all the rides. Cylone means Cylone ride at Universals. The rides are amazing and worthy, Some interesting attractions are The Mummy Ride, Human, Transformers etc . I have visited during the second phase and found that the arrangements are satisfying. Safe distancing
Couldn’t access pool facilities and had to get the earliest breakfast slot because the links for pre-booking was only made available on check-in itself. Hotels like Fairmont like to boast about their work from hotel facilities such as providing a Herman Miller chair.. unfortunately, the chair was in a disgusting condition. There was what seems to be mou ld o n t he back of the c hair, and when I placed my hand underneath it, it felt slimy. Bed was way too soft, but pillows were really comfy. Toilet sink area had so many stains, obviously it wasn’t cleaned properly. USB port in the room was not working but the saving grace was the staff who so kindly assisted me by lending me a suitable charger head. Check in process was super pleasant as well, albeit slow. Sadly, I forgot the staff’s name. Breakfast at Prego was amazing, and so was Anti:Dote for dinner. Overall it was a pleasant stay as we cared more about the food and less of the facilities. My room was 2206.
We’ve decided to start our year from fun experience and it was right decision so far. You can have everything there and after that you can continue fun on Sentosa as well. Highly recommend for 3-4 hours visit. It as enough for us without children.
I've been many times to USS and it's just so-so. You're getting a park with a few great rides but it is only a small place so for any age group there's likely to be less than 5 attractions that really hit a sweet spot. Its a theme park and it's in Singapore so of course it's not cheap and I'd say it's generally worth the express pass if you don't wan
Place is nice, but not as big as Japan or Florida. You can easily finish all rides in 1 day. But if you want to choose only ride rides, you can easily be out in half-day","Noah"," 103.85381\n
When I went there in December around New Year Festival, it's crowded with many tourists. It's many rides there and need to wait too much time to reach your turn. One of my favourite ride is Transformers and mummy rides. It's so real and feels so good.\nIf you want to go there, please check weather. If it will rain, it is better not to go there. Some
3 rides in 5 hours tells you everything. Obviously the park issues tickets only 25% of usual capacity due to Covid-19, though the park was busy as always and with safety measure in place and lot's of cleaning in-between the rides, the waiting time was outrages. My kids arrived at 2pm and left at 7pm highly disappointed. We had to pay full price (85 SG
So there are many things to do in Universal Studios..!\n😀Let me start with my Favorite Rides which YOU DEFINETY SHALL NOT MISS!!!\n1.Human Vs Cyclone\n2.Revenge of the MUMMY*******(BEST)\n3.Transformers\n4.Jurassic Park adventure\n5.Canopy Fly\n6.PUSS in boots ride\n7.EVERY RIDE IN THE EGUPT PART.\n😁LIVE SHOWS\n1.WATER WORLD.\n2.Shrek 4D ride\n😎St
Cannot forget this... one should not miss it\n\nFirstly if possible take express pass, most recommended. If you have older or kid tagging you take trolley and electronic wheel chair from the counter. As you enter just check on right. Cost is high but worth it.\n\nLots of rides and lots of things to do.. Try to spend less time in que, take express pass
I was blessed to have been here with my friends. It was the trip to remember. one hour from johor baharu (stay here) by bus. Everything was fun and adventures. we will definitely repeat this again when things cleared up.
My family and I used SRV for our stay with Fairmont for the ‘Staycation Package - 1 Night Stay with Breakfast for 2 and S$100 Dining Credits and Free Parking’. With the $100 Dining credits, it was definitely worth it, especially when their breakfast and in-room dining menu are halal (except for adult’s pizza and pasta as it comes from a non-halal re
This place looked like little Hollywood when we entered. Great rides were present although we missed few. This place is strongly recommended when you visit Singapore.
A fun time for the whole family. We got there by a taxi ride which is about half hour from the city centre. The rides are great, and you have a lot of options - ranging from rides for adrenaline junkies to rides for those who want a more calm and peaceful experience. Just make sure you check the weather forecast before going, as it tends to rain quite
Fast check-in and fast check-out! We are unable to use the swimming pool cos its fully book on the day we checked-in, but the pool seems empty when we went to check it out. Access to swimming pool is not so friendly as there are alot of upward staircase to take. We ordered in-room dining for supper and breakfast. It was effortless and food was okay.
I purchased 6 month passes in early Jan to celebrate my son's 6th birthday and we visited a few times before the lockdown started. Crowds were noticeably less in late Jan and Feb due to the pandemic, which meant shorter queues. But the rides haven't really changed much in the last few years and as an adult it really gets quite boring. Haven't heard a
The place have a lot of fun theme park game to play and have a lot of food inside the park for you to enjoy without going out
A fun place to visit for exciting rides great shows wonderful attractions all set out in lovely surroundings. Best to go early in the morning when it`s cooler, as by the afternoon it can get very hot best to take a umbrella for shade while in the queues. Plenty place to eat, buy refreshments and to shop. A really great day out for all ages
Universal Studious is one of the most attractive places in the world. It is my best attractive place to visit in Singapore. It has so many cool and amazing rides, aged for all kinds of people, small kids, adults, teenagers and many more. There are also many fun shows. One of the best show is the fireworks show. There are two kinds of fireworks show, 
We are happy to know that you have enjoyed your time at Universal Studios Singapore and we will ensure that your experience is shared with the team to continuously motivate them in upholding the highest standard of our products and services.\n\nWe look forward to welcoming you back soon.
my favorite place is singapore and universal studios but if we combine them it will be amazing nice food good rides i will defenetly go here another day
Although a small venue, it's a very nice place to cool off and spend quality time with your family. Estimated time spend here is about 2 hours. You need to book a time slot before heading down to avoid disappointment.\nThere is a long wait time for bumper car but it's a nice experience especially for the kids. Please add in the pants if you don't min
1) fun for children not adult\n2) not allow to carry bags inside etc except hand bag with sling is allow.\n3) pathway narrow,\n4) must wear your own sock\n5) know your shoe size so that you will not jam the queue.\n6) there is a seat for elder only. If there is another family with elderly, sorry, please stand.\n7) staff friendly
